Tradeoffs:

I decided to implement an auto-save feature early on in the project - the main tradeoff with this was the agressive warning message on every new note. With more time and thought I could come up with a better solution (considered only using an icon and then adding a tooltip with the detailed warning message) but didn't want to spend too much time on that particular aspect of the UI.

The auto-save results in a lot of requests to the back end and in the real world I'd probably use websockets for this, which would also allow for multi-user editing. It's been awhile since I've used websockets and I wanted to limit external dependencies as much as possible so I just stuck with fetch/http requests for this.

Wanting to keep things simple, I went with basic css for styling - in hindsight I should've used sass as I'm already comfortable with it and, if I remember correctly, create-react-app supports it out of the box. It would've been much less of a headache once I started getting into the detailed icon/button styling, but the end result is the same so no trade off there except in development time.

I decided to keep a lot of state in react context early on which wound up being very helpful as there's a lot of cross functionality between the components. Originally I had a useEffect that handled all of the note changing but that resulted in a lot of race conditions once I was making real server calls so I switched to a more declarative approach. This meant more large state updates as I was now returning all of the notes from the server with most of my non-read CRUD operations, but it fixed a lot of bugs and closed a lot of vectors for future bugs by reducing the state management complexity. I would definitely want to address this if I were focused on scaling the app but with the number of notes I'm expecting to handle (for the purposes of this project) it's not an issue.
